Add Overlays for tag description [skip-ci] (#6271)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: api-specs/overlays/docs/docs.md

# How to use overlays to transform an API spec

The function of overlays is to apply a transformation to an API spec. The files in this directory are used to transform the Kong Gateway EE and OSS API specs. We are using overlays to decouple docs changes from the auto-generated API spec. 

## Installation

We are using this [project](https://github.com/lornajane/openapi-overlays-js) for generation:

> 
> * Clone [this](https://github.com/lornajane/openapi-overlays-js) repo, `cd` into the directory where you cloned it. 
> * Run `npm install` to get the dependencies
> * Run `npm install -g` to get `overlayjs` as a command
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Clone [this](https://github.com/lornajane/openapi-overlays-js) repo, `cd` into the directory where you cloned it. 
2. Run `npm install` to get the dependencies
3. Run `npm install -g` to get `overlayjs` as a command

```

## Apply a transformation

> To apply an overlay to a spec use the following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply an overlay to a spec, run the following command from your clone of the docs directory: 
```
Or something like "cd into your clone of the docs directory, then run the command:"

> `overlayjs --openapi openapi.yml --overlay overlay.yaml`

Reviewer: What's the purpose of showing how to output to the console? Won't we always be piping this output to a file?
